How did it go?
Thank you both for healing me
The previous favor is evergreen
It's time to take it away
Where are we going?
There are people from Ouyang Tomb everywhere outside, but
But I'm a mix of Higashino and Han
They won't accept me
Don't worry about this.
After this thing settles down
You go to the frontier and be my lieutenant general
In charge of the sentry there
Where am I?
Only look at strength
No matter where you come from, you are willing to take me in
Of course, yeah.
To avoid being picked up by some people who don't repay their kindness
Hello Mr. Gao Liao Fan
How is your injury?
If it were better
I have a lot of heart to tell you
Let's go for a walk together in the afternoon
Let's meet by the bridge
Uh, what are the instructions to say?
Don't talk in person, let's meet and talk about it
I'm hanging up now.
Hahahaha
Hello, hello, haha.
Uh, Gao Xiaoyun asked me to go
Why take a walk at such a dangerous juncture?
But based on where we are now
This is a chance to test your opponent
So I went for a walk with Gao Xiaoyun
You go and monitor Ouyang Mu's movements
That's all.